docs/content/docs/index.mdx, before:

---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to antstack-js - the production-ready backend boilerplate generator.
---

# Introduction

**antstack-js** is a modern CLI tool that generates production-ready backend boilerplate with your choice of framework, ORM, and database.

<Callout title="Philosophy">
  Unlike monolithic frameworks, antstack-js gives you **code ownership**. You get a clean, maintainable codebase that you fully control—no vendor lock-in, no hidden abstractions.
</Callout>

## Why antstack-js?

- **🔓 No Framework Lock-in**: You own every line of code.
- **🧩 Modular Architecture**: Swap Express for Hono, or Prisma for Drizzle, with minimal friction.
- **⚡ Production Ready**: Includes service-controller-repository pattern, validation, and environment management.
- **🛠️ Developer Experience**: Interactive CLI with beautiful prompts, or use flags for automation.

## Supported Stack

| Category   | Options                        |
|------------|--------------------------------|
| Frameworks | Express, Hono, Fastify         |
| ORMs       | Prisma, Drizzle                |
| Databases  | PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MySQL     |

## Quick Start

```bash
npx antstack-js@latest my-app
```

Or use the [Visual Builder](/builder) to generate your command!

<Cards>
  <Card title="Quick Start Guide" href="/docs/quickstart" />
  <Card title="CLI Commands" href="/docs/commands" />
</Cards>

Commit message:

chore: complete kodkod-stack rebranding
- Update project name to kodkod-stack across all files
- Update CLI commands and documentation
- Update branding assets and theme colors
- Update package metadata and README

docs/content/docs/index.mdx, after:

---
title: Introduction
description: Welcome to kodkod - the production-ready backend boilerplate generator.
---

# Introduction

**kodkod** is a modern CLI tool that generates production-ready backend boilerplate with your choice of framework, ORM, and database.

<Callout title="Philosophy">
  Unlike monolithic frameworks, kodkod gives you **code ownership**. You get a clean, maintainable codebase that you fully control—no vendor lock-in, no hidden abstractions.
</Callout>

## Why kodkod?

- **🔓 No Framework Lock-in**: You own every line of code.
- **🧩 Modular Architecture**: Swap Express for Hono, or Prisma for Drizzle, with minimal friction.
- **⚡ Production Ready**: Includes service-controller-repository pattern, validation, and environment management.
- **🛠️ Developer Experience**: Interactive CLI with beautiful prompts, or use flags for automation.

## Supported Stack

| Category   | Options                        |
|------------|--------------------------------|
| Frameworks | Express, Hono, Fastify         |
| ORMs       | Prisma, Drizzle                |
| Databases  | PostgreSQL, MongoDB, MySQL     |

## Quick Start

```bash
npx kodkod@latest my-app
```

Or use the [Visual Builder](/builder) to generate your command!

<Cards>
  <Card title="Quick Start Guide" href="/docs/quickstart" />
  <Card title="CLI Commands" href="/docs/commands" />
</Cards>
